So we are going to wire up the piezo.
As far as I can tell I don't
think this one is polarized.
I know that when I ran through this before
I just put it in there and it didn't work.
It did work unlike some
other things today.
The nice part is is that
if we mess this up, or
throw it Fixing this
circuit is pretty easy.
We have got one side going to the ground
and the other side, cause this is, again,
this is the opposite of
what we have been doing.
This is not a sensor,
this is an actuator, right?
Our code has it do stuff, right?
So we are not reading, this is like,
we will send signals from the Arduino
board to the actual code itself.
So we can,
I'm gonna put it in on the other side.
I just gotta make sure I have
all the connections places.
I'm running out of room.
The one thing I will say about this one,
it is big.
And thereby somewhat hard to remember
exactly where you plugged it in so
if you're putting the pins in it makes
sense to look at the numbers of where
you're placing it.
I'm going to place it on this other side
just in the very first spot cause it
makes it easy for me.
But if it doesn't work,
one of the things I will
realize is that I just got the wrong
pin cause I'm trying to see it.
And then look it looks like
if I put in this first pin,
it looks like I end up five
pins later on the other side.
Four pins later, so we'll go Doesn't
give you a lot of room to work with me.
We'll go there and
I put it in six doesn't really matter.
It does as long as you have
a pulse width as long as squiggly
Six and
then the ground is just the ground.
Cause this diagram makes it look like
they're right next to each other,
as you can tell, that's a lie.
But the basic concept is true.
All right, so for this one.
I've got a directory called piezo.
We're going to.
I didn't need to fill up
an entire window for that.
We'll go in to piezo.
Again, if you plugged it into a different
pin than six, you will need to adjust that
It could be interesting to also
play around with the light and
the REPL to see what some of the other
options were, because IntelliSense wasn't
totally running,
it was like trying different stuff.
So we can try that in a second
while we're in here, too.
But let's get it working with the piezo.
So this one, again,
I have no server on this one.
We can pull it into
a server in a little bit.
But let's just try to play
with the piezo itself first.
So go ahead and do And
we'll inject both into that rapport.
So piezo It's got this play.
And you can see I injected
a song in there, too.
And the songs are basically you just
give it the notes of the frequency,
like a tempo and fractions for
quarter notes or whatever.
And then theoretically, it should play
the song if I've wired it up correctly.
[MUSIC]
Perfect, right?
Yeah, that happened.
Just deal with it [LAUGH].
So we can look at the song itself and
see that code let's go into
the song At some point,
there's a reason why I broke
it out into its own file.
Not that I really if any of you looked at
this and knew what was going to happen,
you would have gotten a gold star,
but just in case.
So there's a bunch of different options.
You can make it work at a certain
frequency and as I pull it back up,
I'll show you.
You can give it a bunch of notes, but
otherwise an array of notes it will like
figure out the tempo, and play for is.
Again these are just abstractions
right there are libraries that like
just help out with this.
But you could also grab
it and say like, is.
Frequency and given 440.
Would work on either duration for
4500 milliseconds,
right that's a 440.
You can go to 880, it's an octave higher.
[SOUND] Welcome to Music Theory 101.
[LAUGH] Fun fact, 220 is an octave lower.
[SOUND] Great, so you can theoretically,
you can get whole whooshing
sounds if you want, all of those things,
but you can take that.